until now there was no solution for
printing large objects on your desk in
reasonable time and quality that's why
we created solid data our mission is to
provide a 3d desktop printer for
printing large objects with high speed
and super-high resolution in order to
achieve this solid data uses ERP
technology to create objects out of
liquid plastic similar to nail-polish
solid data uses just visible light to
make the liquid plastic solid in
contrast to other printers which need to
create each and every point separately
solid data creates a complete layer at
once within 10 seconds no matter how
complex the geometry is an independent
of the number of objects placed on the
build platform this way solid data can
create the Eiffel Tower at 20
centimeters height in 5.5 hours by other
printers need between 16 hours and 2
days to do this indeed solid data can
print even six Eiffel Towers in this
time by placing the object side-by-side
on the build platform the resolution
achievable within its paper size build
area is awesome solid data creates 3d
points so-called walk slugs with the
size of zero point two seven millimeters
five zero point two seven millimeters at
a 100 micron layer head
with the included software for Mac
Windows and Linux you can import your
model from industry standard STL files
and arrange them on the build platform
the software does the slicing in record
time using GPU acceleration necessary
minimal support is also generated by the
software the job file is direct is sent
to the printer using wireless network
LAN or USB stick using a touch display
the user can start jobs the printer then
operates on its own until the print is
complete and does not need an extra PC
or PC connection cable the printer is
low noise and your workplace is nicely
protected by the red cabin during the
print process the liquid plastic is
stored inside the printer and does not
need to be removed between prints in
order to save material the software can
make your objects hollow the liquid
plastic resin is available in many
different colors from our partners each
of it is tested by us and the print
settings are fixed into the firmware so
you do not need to test and tweak the
printer settings yourself we are
committed to provide our customers
constantly with new materials
application knowledge and software tools
on top of all this we want to make solid
it affordable to makers designers and
engineers and that is where we need your
support your pledge will help us to
order parts and larger quantities with
using the printer cost by 50% making the
technology available to you